## Tutorial: Setting up the Game
1. Create a new unity project (3D Sample scene **URP**)
2. Organize the contents of the Asset folder. Create **Template** folder inside assets. Create **Scenes** folder.
3. Create a new Scene called **MiniGame** in the **Scenes** folder.
4. Creating the play area:
   1. Create a plane by right clicking on the empty space in the Hierarchy. **3D object** --> **Plane**. Rename it to **Ground**.
   2. **Transform** --> **Reset** if transform isn't scaled and positioned right
   3. Put the Ground plane in frame: Click on **Ground** in the hierarchy, put the cursor on the play area, click **F** on your keyboard. **Edit** --> **Frame Selected**.
   4. Scale the ground plane: 
      1. Using the scale tool, drag the axis you'd like to scale.
      2. Click and drag on **Scale** in the **Transform** menu on the right. 
      3. Set **X** and **Z** axis to **2** and **Y** to **1**.
5. Create a player GameObject:
   1. Create a sphere by right clicking on the empty space in the Hierarchy. **3D object** --> **Sphere**. Rename it to **Player**.
   2. Move the Sphere so it rests on the Ground. 
      > **Note**: Unity primitive objects, cubes, spheres, cylinders, planes e.t. have a standard size. 1x1x1 or 1x2x1 Unity units. Most people use **1unit = 1meters**.

6. Adjust the default lighting:
   1. Select **Directional Light** in the hierarchy.
   2. Update its RGB values to **255,255,255** i.e White light.
7. Add colors with materials:
   1. Create **Materials** folder in the project window.
      1. **Background**:
         1. Select the materials folder and create a new material called **Background**.
         2. Change the color of the background material. Under **Surface Inputs**, select the **Base Map**'s color field. Set the RGB values to **130,130,130** i.e a Pale Grey. Set the **Metallic Map** to **0** and **Smoothness** to **0.25** to create a matte material.
         3. Drag the **Background** material unto the **Ground** plane.
      2. **Player**:
         1. Set RGB values to **0,220,255** i.e light blue.
         2. Set **Metallic Map** to **0** and **Smoothness** to **0.75** for a shiny finish.
         3. Drag it unto the **Player** GameObject.
   2. Rotate **Directional Light** so there's better lighting on the player:
         1. Select **Directional Light** and change it **Rotation** to **50,50,0** to give it a better silhouette.
